Right now it's time to play a brand
new game called Oops, My Water Broke.
All right Stephen,
you're gonna sit down and
we're gonna take turns pulling out these
pins and one or two balloons may fall.
The person who pulls the pin that makes
all the balloons drop is the loser.
>> It depends on how you look at it.
>> So Stephen,
you're gonna get very, very wet.
>> All right.
Let's do it, let's do it.
>> Sit right there.
We go up here.
We don't know which pin is gonna, do you
wanna start or do you want me to start?
>> I think I'll start.
I think.
>> Take your time.
Take your time.
>> All right.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Okay.
>> All right.
This is sticky.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> No.
I don't know.
>> I don't like the sound of that.
It drips!
>> That's water drops.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> All right.
But one balloon don't count, the loser's
the one who does all the balloons.
>> This is definitely gonna be one.
>> That's definitely gonna be one.
Stephen!
>> Aah!
>> [LAUGH]
>> Sorry, babe.
>> [COUGH]
>> I still love you.
>> Ooh!
>> Whoo!
>> That wasn't a good one.
>> That wasn't a good one, either.
>> I'm just-
>> It's really a slow burn.
>> [LAUGH]
>> I think we're running out of options.
>> Is it the fright?
It would be better if you-
>> Don't do it now, let's just go.
>> Yeah okay.
>> Ooh.
>> [APPLAUSE]
[LAUGH]
>> I have a feeling.
>> You think long, you think wrong Ellen.
>> Yep.
>> It's the old saying.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> There's way too many
balloons in that basket.
>> They should be just worked out or
something.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Man.
>> What a good sport!
>> That's how we play,
oops my water broke.
We'll be right back.